and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and today i'm joined by
ryan paul gibson ryan's the founder over
at
contentlift.io he helps b2b companies
conduct customer research interviews
that don't suck ryan welcome to the show
sir how are you everything yeah thanks
for having me i'm happy to be here
cool man so we're going to be chatting
all about how everyone tuning in can
change the b2b marketing game
when it comes to customer research um
i'm sure there's a lot of people
skeptical thinking and i i certainly was
before i even knew kind of what the heck
customer research actually involved
thinking
yeah i'm not really sure it's going to
change my marketing that much um
so let's try and prove them wrong if we
can so first and foremost ryan why
should anyone tuning in even consider
bothering with customer research
well he said you said the word there
game i mean a business is a bet
right at the end of the day
you're you're you're making a play in
the market that you think you can you
have something that people want
they'll give you money for it
and you build a business off that the
reality is though there's a lot of
things that you need to understand when
it comes to the market and how people
buy you know how they evaluate products
how they're solving problems what are
the priorities
to
be able to increase the odds of winning
that bet
so
to me qualitative research is a big part
of that foundation it's not the only
thing but it's a big pillar because if
you can understand how people make
choices the behaviors they have when
they're buying products in b2b you know
what their trade-offs are what their
pains their problems priorities are you
have a better chance of
improving your marketing because that's
all going to influence your marketing
you have a better chance of getting the
consideration set with people earlier on
and even better chance of closing that
deal so that's why i would say
you know to prove the haters wrong
i would say that's why you would do it
in a nutshell
gotcha
so with that said is there a specific
type of business that should consider
customer research so talking from a b2b
standpoint um business to business so
should a should a new business start
with it or should it be is it more
geared towards the companies that are
perhaps more established or is there a
starting point we need to consider
i mean
no everyone should be really and i don't
say that because that's what i do i mean
that's just part of to me that's just
part of having good intel so but i think
the use cases are different right so
case in point if i'm just starting out
i'm launching a product
and i feel that you know i've got enough
interest i've done enough validation
to to launch
then i'm going to have a v1 of my
marketing right messaging positioning
um you know copy all the things that
would go on a site that you built
sam right so
for me i would want to understand how
i'm going to influence those early
adopters
and those people that i'm going in the
market to try and attract right
so i think an early stage company
because it's not the the product is
never the thing they buy they buy the
transition and people who do like jobs
be done work
which is like an innovation framework or
customer discovery with um
the lean canvas model um methodology
they'll say the product is never the
thing they buy they buy like what they
can get from the product what's the
transition so you have to tell that
story so that's any any companies just
starting out
let me give an example of someone though
that is send their ways and did it so i
work part-time um with a company called
rewind we do sas we do backup and
restoration sas
the company um acquired
a another product they didn't build it
but they went out and started buying up
some other backup software products for
one this one was for github
okay
so in an acquisition the theory should
be all right well i got a sales machine
i got a marketing machine
i acquired the thing
sales should take off but they didn't
the mrr was flat
so
we
quickly realized maybe we're off and
like how we're talking to the customer
if we even have the right person we're
trying to market to so we wouldn't start
talking to people it turns out we were
wrong about a lot of stuff there was
even key pieces of the buying journey
that we didn't realize that were there
that we were not talking to
yeah so and this was an experienced
company rewind
has been around for five years they just
raised a series b
right 65 million u.s so i mean that is
someone who's entrenched and still had
to do research to figure out what was
going wrong with the marketing so i
think every to your question everyone
should be doing it really it just
depends on like what they need to get
done yeah yeah yeah yeah so
with that said i mean um before we talk
to i guess about the some of the
triggers some of the buying processes
and such that should be considered
when it comes to customer research is it
just going to help um
our marketing or is it also going to
assist with ourselves is it going to
assist with things like our website
which you touched on there yeah is it is
it kind of all all parts of the sales
funnel is that just specific kind of
parts that it does help
i i tend to look at it as i'm helping
more the market and sales side
customer teams do their own research
right because they're trying to figure
out why people are churning
um you know how to do win backs
you know
what people's uh experience with the
product are all this stuff's important
don't be wrong yeah um but that's not
near where i want to focus because i
want to focus on my odds of closing a
deal
so
i look at research you know qualitative
and quantitative
as a way that how can i once they raise
their hand and say i actually am
thinking about buying this thing how can
i help sales actually close the deal
faster or quicker or increase their odds
of doing that that's really how i look
at research is you know helping support
that entire journey right to that point
yeah yeah yeah and this this might be a
tricky one to answer but is there any
way for a business to tell
if i guess their product or their
service is actually geared towards their
ideal customers right now or if it's off
base is there some kind of litmus test
that you can run or is the only way to
do it by cracking on
and doing what we're gonna discuss in
the show
well
i look there's things that i look for i
mean there's different parts of the
journey so i'm sure you see the sam like
if you're getting a lot of traffic to
your page
and the bounce rate's crazy and no one's
putting their hands up for a demo or
want to talk to sales
i mean
something is there in the marketing
versus what you have on the page right
sure so that is like that's a soft
indicator right that maybe there's
misalignment there or further around
down the field right if you have
all these ads that you're trying to pump
out and
nothing's nothing's coming through
is there something often you're
messaging you know are we targeting the
right people you know are we
talking to the people who have the right
roles and responsibilities they're going
to be evaluating this thing so those are
some soft indicators but i think if you
do this work
um consistently you'll
know pretty fast whether you're you
don't have the right person to turn
right by or the right icp right ideal
customer profile
yeah yeah yeah so i think you've got a
framework for us that you can share when
it comes to considering things like
business triggers personal triggers that
actually kick off the buying process
that we need to consider we need to chat
about
yeah i mean like so you're talking about
like how like what are things i want to
look for in regards to like triggers or
things that i should be
like how i get to those
yeah it's i guess for what's what's your
process so if you're coming into a an
organization whether that's a software
company tech company whatever it may be
in the b2b space yeah what uh yeah what
are some of those initial triggers i
guess that you look for
yeah
well i figured how like ever triggers
are very similar b2b in many ways right
there's usually a some type of
um pain it's either time or money right
either something's taking me a lot too
long manually or something's costing too
much and i need to find a better
solution right
but what i like to do is i when i
interview customers
i start at the part of the journey
before they even before sometimes
they're even problem aware or even
problem or solution aware right so what
that means is they may not even know
there's a solution to their problem or
they haven't even fully defined the
problem yet
so
and the reason i want to know those
things is
if i can understand what's happening in
their business
and why they're encountering these pains
in the first place and how they're
trying to solve these things then i can
start to see the path and journey so
what i'll do is
i'll i'll start with one really simple
question when i talk to people i'll say
take me back to the day when you first
realize this was a x was a problem and
he wanted to spend money on it not when
you first started looking for a solution
but you know you're sitting your
keyboard
or you're in a meeting and you're like
oh man this sucks
i don't want this is starting to be an
issue yeah what did you do next and i
just want to understand the behaviors
they took and the actions they took
because then i'm mapping out the entire
process they took from that thought
to the eventual sale you know some
people call it like a journey to
purchase
um you know
a timeline to purchase some people call
it that or buying journey i call it
buying story
coach marketer so but it's all the same
thing
what is each step they took along the
way from realizing all right it's time
to address this thing because what we
got ain't working yeah okay
this looks like it's the solution for me
here's my credit card or
yeah you know send me an invoice
and to clarify this is to existing
customers of the company so people that
are already doing business with them
yeah existing customers i try to talk to
people that just closed okay typically
the easiest
they're the easiest to jog their memory
and their recall
right humans are really bad at
describing
things right from recall so if i ask you
a direct question about like why you did
that
it's really hard for you to answer with
in depth and within like great detail
but if i start taking you through a
journey like a story of so when this
happened what did you do next
the brain actually starts to really um
reach back into the depths and say you
know what oh this happened and then this
happened i see when i interview people
sometimes i'll be talking for 20 minutes
and they'll shut down the interview and
say wait a second i forgot something i
just remembered there was this thing
that happened it's really important that
you know that
and it's a really fascinating thing to
talk to so yeah i talk to existing
customers i will talk to though other
sometimes people who are not a customer
because i also want to see what's going
on in their lives
because the real the theory should be
that i if i have a problem that solves
one key thing
then i will see patterns regardless of
whether they're customer mine or not if
i'm targeting someone based on key
things we want to solve for them
yeah yeah and is there any advice
perhaps for businesses
i guess two parts of this question is
there any advice for businesses that
maybe have a limited number of customers
because they're a startup or they're
quite new and at the same note for maybe
larger companies is there an ideal
sample size
that you should look to i.e you need to
interview x amount of people because
that's the ideal number yeah i mean it's
different every company i get that one a
lot other researchers get that one a lot
too
and the rule of thumb is usually like
eight to twelve
and for one bot for one buyer so what i
mean by that is
usually in a b2b scenario
um
you know you'll have one or two buyers
and then maybe some type of committee or
other people that influence this fear of
the decision right depending on what it
is usually the less complex the product
and less people
so with rewind who i work with usually
there's two people involved maybe a
third right
um and so i typically want to focus on
the champion of that so the person who's
like started the process driving it
through and like i need this yeah
because my life sucks and this tool or
else otherwise it's like it's gonna be
bad news going forward so i will focus
on though that person maybe for those
people
if we're talking like
an enterprise play a hubspot a sales
force
a marketo like um or something even an
enterprise play where i might not have i
might only have a thousand clients
right but
um i offer a full term key solution and
i'm touching all parts of my company i
work with i've worked with an accounting
sas software company did that right
small player small fish big pond
there it's much different like you have
three or four people that are heavily
involved in valuing that product so
there you might need more interviews and
a few with each of those segments to
understand how do they all interconnect
like what do they care about how are
they valuing this product what speaks to
them you know what are their pains how
do they what are their priorities all
those things that one takes a little bit
longer but if you can figure out how
that committee works together
um you can take all that and influence
your marketing much earlier on
so that way by the time you get to your
sales team they already have probably
chosen you or shortlisted you as like
their number one choice if you can speak
to them in all the ways that they want
to be spoken to
yeah nice
so that's that's talking to kind of
medium i guess larger scale companies
what about anyone tuning in that's
perhaps got a smaller code startup code
perhaps the the client roster is
somewhat limited yeah how do we tackle
that
there's a few ways
um a lot of founders really have good
networks right so that's the first way
you can do it you can tap your own
network
um you can go into different groups that
are aligned with what you do so i'm in
about
five or six marketing private marketing
groups with other marketers right yep
content or
um
design whatever right you can reach out
through those groups set up a few people
get to know network
and then there's a few um
a few paid options right so
there's different companies that will
set you up with someone that fits a
profile you can incentivize them i just
did a poll this last week actually on
linkedin and funny enough
the line was and i asked like would you
if you wanted to talk to someone like me
as a researcher would you need an
incentive
about
75 said yes
but here is the caveat most said that's
if i don't know you
right right if i don't know you and
you're taking up my time
then i need something in return but if i
know you and there's a relationship
there yeah i can spend half an hour on a
zoom call or on the phone or with google
or whatever right so those are ways that
i would i would try that because yeah
for a startup sometimes it is much
harder to get at people
um in those early days
yeah that that's that's a great
suggestion i remember recently on the
webchoice site we've put up some new
pricing pages for our seo and our web
design kind of starting rates
and
basically like you touched on there i
wasn't sure we designed it i thought it
looked quite decent but i'm not a ideal
customer so
i approached a few smart chief marketing
officers a few marketing managers
marketing directors people to that we'll
often sell to that are in my linkedin
network
i already had some reports of them
because i'm fortunate enough to have a
fairly decent sized network so i just
said look can you spare a minute to
give me a few thoughts on what you think
of these pages what you what you like
what you dislike what you change
took the common consensus like what were
the regular answers and then just put it
into play and yeah so that's that's
something that worked for me that was a
similar kind of vibe to what you've
shared there and that stuff is so key
right because what if you hadn't done
that
you know that's an investment of your
time and your team's resources and and
your own money
for something may not have landed
right
so that's where the research is so key
because you can find the ways you can
get it wrong much faster before you ship
something and that's why i love doing
research because you can find the cracks
in the foundation pretty fast
yeah that's it's great so
talking to
customers or our network
about kind of the initial problem and we
went off on a bit of a tangent but when
that when they actually first realized x
y z was a was a problem was an issue and
yeah address it let's um let's dig a bit
deeper into kind of what follows next or
what what kind of what are the next
steps after we've done that um
in the in the interview process
like after i've gone through a whole
interview or like what's next well if is
there are there other questions that we
need to dive into is that absolutely the
crux of it are appreciate we can't cover
it all in this this episode but are
there a few key pointers that
can give people a starting point when it
comes to these interviews of
understanding the problems and then
shifting that into how we can actually
influence buyers um or customers buying
process yeah like i'll give you a
rundown of like how i typically would do
this so we start with some we started
business triggers right so we talked a
bit about that so what are the catalysts
there all of a sudden they wait because
they don't wake up and buy a thing
typically you
there's a series of events that happen
that is a tipping of the scales sure so
then i also want to think about how find
out how they research right now i'll
know a bit of that from once people
start to hit google right
but uh there's a term that a lot of
people talk about now which is dark
social i don't know if you're familiar
with that term
but i am yeah we've talked about a lot
on the last few episodes so i'll keep my
mouth shut because i've been hearing my
opinion on it for a while so i'll
let you chat so whether you believe
that's a thing or not it doesn't matter
because a lot of that
that interaction of the buying process
has existed for decades right i was a
b2b buyer before the internet so
i did go to peers and went to
conferences and i looked for ways to
evaluate products before i even started
talking to sales teams right so i want
to understand that part of it i want to
know what happens way before they hit a
website like how are they researching
right so that whole process of research
and then i want to know the evaluation
phase so once they actually shortlisted
how did they compare all the products
like what were the trade-offs what did
you not believe to be true right what
made you trust the sales team that's a
one i really like to ask
you know like okay i like that like what
made you choose me over the other ones
yeah because
yeah there's so much to learn there and
often i will get honest answers the
sales team doesn't get
because common response you get to that
question um
i love it most of it honestly
um sam is
they just knew me best they understood
me the best they listened
a lot a lot of what you hear in
um you know
best practices for sales right
yeah like is the stuff that they start
repeating back it's really interesting
and then
so i understand i want to send those
three parts of it and then if i need to
do customer success thing where i
understand how they enjoy the product i
will but usually gets handed off there
so then what i'll do is i'll take all
those
i transcribe every single interview i've
ever done right and i map them all
together and i just look for the
patterns and themes in each of those
segments so one is those first triggers
um all those um how they research and
then how to evaluate and then from that
i also hold pains anxieties priorities
all that emotional language they use in
interviews
i highlight that big time because that
sense starts to influence my copy
and my messaging
and my landing pages anything that's
like high converting stuff
like you get it right from those
interviews and i've done that i've taken
stuff from interviews and dropped it
into ads that day to test it to see if
it would track
you know the turnaround time for these
things and how you can leverage it's
very fast if you know what how to ask
the questions and what to look for
and that's what i would do so then i
would find the patterns and then from
that would come your average sort of
buying story like how did they start
where did they go
how did they decide
and then once i have that
then i start building out personas
battle cards you know sale stories all
these things that arm the entire company
it's funny because often i was i just
wrote post about this today often
sometimes we write the persona first
but to me the persona is the end result
of all that work
right
now i really understand what drives them
and what motivates them
and now i have something that maybe my
competitors don't have which is a really
deep understanding of the person i'm
going after
nice
so yeah i mean that's a solid framework
so kind of understanding the initial
problem initial pain the initial issues
what triggered them to kind of think
there was something then
doing that research
into
or understanding their research process
i guess which is a bit like the the dark
social trend that's going around social
media what's your take on it i'd miss
the show
are
i haven't done a dedicated show but it's
just we've had um we did some shows
recently on cold calling and we did
something else on
um ab
account based marketing yep so kind of
things that are actually conflicting
dark social so yeah i mean we're this is
dark social technology we're doing a
podcast we're educating people on a
certain topic of course i post on
linkedin organic um i do video content
so i'm i'm basically doing dark social
trying to educate people around there
you go marketing tips web seo getting
experts in like you um so it's a thing
whether it's merged in with damn whether
it's merged in with demand gen top of
funnel stuff educating people before
they know that they need your help then
they realize that you're a trusted brand
then they might come through and add seo
that's that's the long short that's the
two minutes sam dunning snapshot there
you go you should do a show on it then
you can talk to someone well we'll see
well it's interesting you just talked
about is it a thing going forward right
or is it something else that's what i've
always loved about research
talking to your customers is never gonna
be a thing that goes away and the b2b
game is getting more complex because the
buyer controls more of the journey than
ever before and that's like i'm not the
ones in it places like gartner are
saying that because they do the studies
on these things so you'll you'll have
less insight into what people are doing
more and more as the years go on so
unless you go and start talking to them
you're going to lose a lot of the intel
that you could normally get yeah and
especially like you say if people are
saying um look we hang out on slack
groups or we go to events or we listen
to podcasts or facebook groups and
obviously that's really really useful
intel because if you're spending a bunch
of money let's say on linkedin ads but
your customers don't actually care about
that or
let's say you're investing in i don't
know a trade event but none of your
customers go to trade events it's like
well that's money down the drain because
they're actually looking in here and
they're talking to people there then
let's get the heck in there as soon as
we can absolutely that's really valuable
and i love that trust this um question
about the sales team so i'm going to
start using that yeah for customer
interviews i've not heard that one so
that's uh that's good that's interesting
so then once we've got this intel we
transcribe it look for
look for patterns right look for common
common things that are said and yeah any
any actual examples ryan of
feel free to use new stuff you've done
where you've kind of heard xyz repeated
a lot and then perhaps you've used that
for i don't know a website headline or
you've used that for an ad copy or
whatever it might be yeah i mean there's
a few ways that i've done that you know
i've
for recently for a lot of um i even did
one for an agency was an seo agency okay
and they
uh what was really fascinating was their
clients when they talked to me they said
we weren't looking for an agency we were
looking for a you know a team that could
be embedded into my
you know my business right it was so
fascinating but they also talked about
all these pains they had and evaluating
which agency was the one for them and
why
so out of that we had like 30 different
content topics that we could just talk
to right if you want to do some content
marketing um when i did the research
um
with rewind
we found that there was a key piece in
the buying journey that we weren't
talking to which was that
um
you know
just for really quickly
rewind the product we're talking about
they do backups for github right well
people were trying to write their own
backup scripts coders and they were
failing because there's just a
limitation to what that can do
we didn't realize they were doing that
and then we looked at the search terms
and there was a decent amount of search
for that on ahrefs semrush like oh
okay
so now guess what all most of our ads
and our landing page say and there's
lift in those over what we had before
because it was an actual step people are
taking to hitting a wall
yeah
interesting and do you find that when
you do this this kind of research and
you find these
unusual things i guess you didn't
actually know people were
talking about or searching for do you
find there's much competition as many
competitors that are doing the same
thing i.e you found this
this little niche
search term well sometimes but usually
no
okay because
in my experience sas unless like the
bigger companies typically have this
covered yeah you know um
my experience no because it's not
somewhere where sas companies typically
go to get research
and this has just been my experience
anecdotally but most talked to customers
about feature sets and why they churned
trying to win them back and those are
great that those are great conversations
but that doesn't actually help marketing
it doesn't help understanding how i'm
going to influence people when they're
starting their journey all the way up to
when the sales team has to talk to them
yeah
and are there any other ways that we can
i guess on the on the note of
influencing are there any other ways
that we can put this research into play
to really influence our buyers that i
guess we understand their problem
we've we've got the we've got the
solution to to solve it
and we are some a team a product or
service that you can actually trust
yeah i mean so i think content's the big
one right
um i think that's the one missed because
a lot of times what we'll do is we will
focus our efforts around a key word
right and we might not even know the
intent
but
i can even recently with this rewind
research there is 12 areas of content
themes and topics that we highlighted
that were all part of the buying journey
that people either wanted to be educated
about
understand more or was a blocker to
their sale or to the purchase
so i can use all these things now to
influence that entire journey along the
way
but you won't see maybe a lot of search
for these terms because that's not what
people are searching for in google these
things so
um i hope that answers the question but
i mean that's where i would look to
because
i'm going to get copy i'm going to get
landing page ideas i might even get a
few new product ideas like one we want
we want to test it was a calculator for
x calculators and audit things or audit
uh frameworks are really good for
getting people in and getting an email
and engaging in the conversation so
there's all these ideas that can come
out of their research based on how
people are getting stuck in the journey
and you can help assist them right
that's what i do you sort of have to
read between the lines a little bit but
most stuff is pretty apparent
yeah yeah yeah and i i suppose it helps
companies that a lot of companies
especially going back to seo ranking on
google organically they
they're in a habit of putting out blog
articles different bits and pieces of
content to try and rank on google but
they're perhaps guessing what
questions their buyers are searching for
or doing it on topics that they think
are relevant and helpful
when all you really need to do is speak
to a bunch of your customers find out
kind of what what what the problem was
they had or what they need to know or
what's important to them i guess you
just craft a bunch of copy whether it's
written articles whether that's video
format whether podcasting like we're
doing now and you know it's going to
have a it's going to hit home it's
actually going to be a value whether
that's educational or entertainment of
use to your target customers
yeah i mean
you can there's all sorts of things you
can do with this research right that you
might not even be aware of yet like or i
i just i'm just getting started with
some of this stuff right i'm building a
whole new thought leadership uh package
for rewind about what this what they
mean what they do what it means to the
future in the context of these people's
lives because
if i don't know exactly like the
problems they have in their business and
how they solve the pains they have then
even my thought leadership of how i'm
saying this is where the world is going
isn't going to make sense to them or if
they're not even going to care about it
so i need to know all those things
before i even put you know one keystroke
down otherwise i could just be wasting
my time and money
yeah yeah that's smart and i know um
i'm uh a common thief when it comes to
stealing customer questions so if i get
questions when i'm doing sales calls
when i'm calling leads or whether it's
through linkedin whether it's email
and quite often i think well that's
going to be a great post for today on
linkedin oh absolutely this question and
that'll be my daily post or i'll put it
on my weekly email or whatever it may be
because i know if a few customers have
got that questions or a few prospects
have got that question to me it's
probably going to resonate with
a few other people too right oh
absolutely i mean it's funny the faq
sections
a lot of times they're just made up
right that's the one thing i think
we don't talk about as marketers we're
like what do we think they're gonna ask
us and we just like write them down on
the website you actually should use
questions they're asking whether they're
tied to the product or they're in the
vicinity of the product right yeah
because that's if they're asking it on
their path to you
there's some way that it has importance
in you
using that question trying to answer it
yeah
makes sense cool um any final notes ryan
before everyone tuning in tries to run
their own interviews and starts putting
this into play yeah any other
considerations you should think about
before jumping straight in at the deep
end
have an objective
right um i i'm with this i i'm running
this right now i'm working with a client
because i do a lot of coaching on this
now
and
they wanted to do a combination of like
content plus research so they're trying
to do like a thought leadership piece to
interview
executives but then also research the
buying journey you can't do both it's
too hard because they're different the
the purpose of the conversations are
different
or you know for like i mentioned before
are you trying to understand more about
how people are enjoying the product
ver that's a different conversation than
how did they actually come to you and
and you know
understand if they wanted to purchase
your product in the first place those
are different conversations and it'd be
you'd be really surprised how you can
eat up 30 to 40 minutes just focusing on
one piece of the buying journey so have
an objective
um and then i would say
questions are good but they can also be
a crutch
right because
um often what we do is when an interview
we focus on asking the next question and
we don't always actively listen to what
people are saying not you sam i mean
you're an experienced podcast for now so
i mean you you're
you you know what you're doing but i
mean
if we're not used to interviewing people
we can be uh-huh uh-huh and you're just
looking at the next question and then
you forget to actually actively listen
to what it is because they might say
something that you pick up on and it's a
whole there's so much depth to it that
you need to sort of understand that more
that's a hard one to master
and i struggle with
but
if you can do that um it's all the
better for you and the third one i would
say is record everything because you're
gonna forget you will forget everything
you had you talked about in the
conversation you will i guarantee you a
hundred percent you will forget
solid tips if you've got a memory like
mine you you certainly will
and you go back like
so when i worked with rewind the product
marketing manager he's gone back to the
research we did numerous times he told
me that he's like i can't i totally
forgot this happened i had to go back
and recheck
even if you've done it you've talked to
these people and you filtered the data
you will still forget
so you want to go back so you can have
something to reference
that's why you so often on on the
podcast if you watch on the video you'll
see me looking down i'm actually
scribbling down notes i'm not just
looking looking drowsy i knew what
you're doing
i wasn't going to call you right i knew
what was going on
good man so thanks very much ryan really
enjoyed the conversation appreciate you
coming on and sharing yeah
thank you
yeah i appreciate you having me i love
talking about this stuff and if anyone
whoever wants to talk to me about this
they can find me linkedin
for the most active like you
my website is contentlift.io but really
linkedin just message me i'm i will
respond pretty fast i'm always happy to
talk to people
awesome man and we'll put all of those
links to catch ryan over at the website
businessgrowth.marketing and with that i
want to thank you once again for coming
on sir thank you
no worries as always if you enjoyed this
show be sure to hit that subscribe
button we interview business leaders
each and every week to provide
actionable marketing tips to grow your
business and to grow your revenue and
with that we should catch you on the
next one